OTel guide: Add section on `target_info` (#2512)
prometheus/docs: content/docs/guides/opentelemetry.md

    - ...
```

## Including resource attributes at query time

An alternative to promoting resource attributes, as described in the previous section, is to add labels from the `target_info` metric when querying.

> This is conceptually known as a "join" query.

Reviewer: Maybe add a newline here.
```suggestion

This is conceptually known as a "join" query.
```

An example of such a query can look like the following:

```promql
rate(http_server_request_duration_seconds_count[2m])
* on (job, instance) group_left (k8s_cluster_name)
target_info
```

What happens in this query is that the time series resulting from `rate(http_server_request_duration_seconds_count[2m])` are augmented with the `k8s_cluster_name` label from the `target_info` series that share the same `job` and `instance` labels.
In other words, the `job` and `instance` labels are shared between `http_server_request_duration_seconds_count` and `target_info`, akin to SQL foreign keys.

> The `k8s_cluster_name` label, OTOH, corresponds to the OTel resource attribute `k8s.cluster.name` (Prometheus converts dots to underscores).

Reviewer: Let's try to use less acronyms. I think OTel is valid due to the context.
```suggestion
The `k8s_cluster_name` label, On the other hand, corresponds to the OTel resource attribute `k8s.cluster.name` (Prometheus converts dots to underscores).
```
